---
title: Year Review 2023
date: 2024-01-01 20:55:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging, Year Review]
tags: [year-review]
pin: true
---

> Life is short and if you ever come across a beautiful crazy exciting moment in it you have to seize it while you can before that moment is gone ~ Barney Stinson

## Professional Life

### Weekday

I was working with Weekday as a Software Engineering Intern, and it had been around a year now, around march I left Weekday and started to focus on open-source contributions as this was the domain I never explored before. I learned a lot here and met many wonderful people who helped me grow as a Software Engineer.

### Wells Fargo

Wells Fargo is a US Bank. I got an offer to join Wells last year through campus placements, this year around July I joined Wells as an FTE, and I am working in the supply chain management area. Working in wells is going smoothly till now and I am still learning how such big organizations work.

## Personal Life

2023 was the most happening year for me to date, didn’t have any plans or goals at the start of the year and was just going with the flow, but now when I look back I can see that there were many things that I did this year that I am proud of. I tried being regular in the gym over the start of the year but towards the end got a bit lazy, I went on a lot of trips with my friends this year(I went on to explore new places every month till June 🫣)

Around July joined Wells Fargo and shifted to Bangalore, talking about Bangalore the weather is nice here but traffic is terrible, I live 7km far from my office but If I take an office cab to come back from the office it takes me 1hr to reach my apartment. The weekdays are busy, Wells has a 3 days work from office policy so 2 days I work from home. The weekends are okay, many weekends we went to movies and bowling, explored Bangalore, ate new foods, and played table tennis/basketball.

This year I started watching Anime for the first time and now I understand why people are such crazy fans of anime. I have finished Naruto and plan to start Jujutsu Kaisen soon, apart from these, other things that I did this year were

- Graduated from college
- Traveled a lot
  - Dalhousie - Jan
  - Tirthan Valley, Shoja, Jalori Pass - Feb
  - Bike trip to Prashar(Mandi), Manali, Sissu - March
  - Churdhar Trek, Shimla, my School in Solan - April
  - Dharamshala, watched IPL in the most beautiful Stadium in India - May
  - Vaishno Devi, Katra - May
  - Kedarnath, Devprayag - May
  - Shirdi, Thryambakeshwara(Nasik) - Dec
- Tried being consistent in gym(able to squat 1.5times my body weight)
- Played a lot of table tennis

<div class="shoutout-embed" data-widgetTitle="Year Review 2023 (1)" data-widgetId="632c5002-1e3d-4523-9d7b-0ba44467c052"></div>
<script class="shoutout-script" src="https://shoutout.io/static/website/js/embed.js" defer></script>

In 2024 I will try to focus more on the gym, learning video editing, starting to invest in the stock market, and if possible reading books 🫣, I also tried last year and started with Atomic Habits, but lost interest midway through reading it.
